The Joe Rogan.
Experience. They're like so many things in life we figured out so late. If ever,
you know, when we're kids, we look at, uh, adults, our parents, um,
those in authority. And when they called, they got figure it out yet.
You had a really good joke about this, about thinking, um, the older you get,
the more you, you understand life and how things are going on.
But the older you get realized, nobody knows what the is going on.
And everyone's out here just winging it. Like, I don't know what the I'm doing.
I'm just kind of trying my best. But, but I'm like, oh,
maybe I should look to my parents for advice by she's the really just adult
kids. They know what the they're talking about. Yeah.
The bit was, do you remember when you thought that grownups were real?
They don't exist. Like I used to think that one day I'm going to be a girl.
I was crying. I was young. I was so upset. One day,
I'm going to be a grown up and everything's going to make sense.
And then one day you're at the supermarket and the guy goes, paper plastic, sir,
you look, sir, I'm a, sir, am I grown up. This is it.
And then you realize no one knows any more than you about what this is all
about. You might have more data in your head. You might have more experience.
It might be a brain surgeon. You might know how to build rockets.
You might be smarter than me, but you don't have any idea what this is. Yeah,
no one does. You cannot. No, you can.
But everything is there. I like to think there are, there are really no facts.
Everything is a theory because we could all be asleep in a dream right now or
hooked up to a machine. Like nobody knows that for sure.
So how can you possibly say anything as factual? You can say,
things are factual with the information that's in front of you,
but that information might be. And 10 years from now might say,
we might have a completely different perspective on things that we're doing now
that we think are right. And like, this is the way life is.
It's the way the world is. You know, like 10 years ago,
people had very different approach to things, you know? Yeah.
What we can say is, as far as we know,
this is the case and this is what we know is repeatable. If you do this,
if you put two bricks on top of two bricks, you have four bricks.
We're pretty sure maybe not, but we might be in a dream. Yeah.
Like we could all be wrong. And that's why I, I, I think it's, you know,
so stupid to, to judge other people's beliefs be like, oh,
your way's the right way. You gotta figure it out. Everybody else is crazy.
But you think it I'm like,
don't you think that they think the exact same thing you do?
Well, there's a problem today.
And there's a lot of people out there giving advice. And um, th this is,
was interesting. Sometimes advice re it resonates,
and then you get older and wiser and you realize that advice is really stupid
because you ha it's there's people that are giving
advice and they're there. They were there.
There's like a lot of value in motivating people,
right? Like when someone's a like legitimately motivational person,
whether it's like Wim, Hof,
the Iceman or someone who's like really done some things.
There's something about them that, that their inspiration is fuel.
It's it really does something to you.
But then there's a lot of people out there that are just saying.
Cause they think it's going to be motivating to other people.
And it sounds like horse. And it only tricks dummies.
And that stuff is painfully prevalent.
There's so much of it.
There's so many people out there that are trying to offer advice and they're
trying to motivate people, but then you go, Hey man, what have you experienced?
They've had a Placid dull life filled with non
accomplishments. The biggest accomplishment is tricking people into thinking.
They're a good motivational speaker.
Like the get rich quick thing.
Oh, there's so many of.
Those. This is how they've gotten rich.
Sure. Yeah, dude, I was watching a documentary on one of those guys,
one of these internet guys who rents houses and rents cars,
and PR tries to pretend he's as big baller and, and spends all this money and,
and, you know,
and then ran a bunch of scam dating sites and all these different things.
And I'm like, wow, this is, this is, this pursuit is odd.
It's a odd thing.
This pursuit of tricking people into thinking that you're more knowledgeable
than you actually are.
What resonates with people is like what you were talking about from the
beginning of this podcast,
when you're talking about your life and how you felt and your own
real legitimate experiences and the feelings of inadequacy.
And then the finding of the light at the end of the tunnel and all of these
different things that are just you're, you're, you're relaying your,
your life's lessons and experiences. Those are extremely valuable for people.
Those are extremely valuable,
but because people know they're extremely valuable,
there's a lot of bullshitters out there that are trying to concoct these things
and then trick you. And like, this is how I got this mansion. Yeah.
You can get this mansion too. You can make it.
I'm going to show you here on a whiteboard. This is what you can do. And like,
they're just horse, but there's money in that. And so there's a lot of them.
There's like, they pop up all the time. I get emails from them.
I get a Instagram messages. I, I see him like, Hey, I want to come on your show,
motivate people. A mom I'm really about motivating people like bro, you're 22.
The are you motivated? You ain't motivating. You know,
go move to Nepal for a year.
And it's also such a, it's a tricky thing. Because like, even for myself,
it's like, of course I want to motivate people. I want to help people. Yes.
But you can start drifting into that. Now I'm a motivational speaker.
Now I'm not being honest and communicating the full
spectrum of the things that I'm dealing with and going through in my I'm only
gonna focus on this positive thing. Like, oh, just do this, this and this.
And you know, you're going to go with the right way.
And oftentimes, because they don't have someone in their life,
like the way you were describing Gina, someone who's going to, Hey, face.
You know.
Like your head.
You have to have somebody to life. That's raw with you. There's real with you.
And for me, it's my friends. It's definitely my wife.
She doesn't me about anything. Yeah. Those, those people are giant in your.
Life. You gotta have people that check you.
They have to know you too. They have to know you.
You can't hide anything from them. We have.
We have a lot of, a lot of us tend to have these, um, um,
what would the word be? I don't know these people in our lives that like,
they're only there because you're doing something for them or like, yeah.
But those people aren't pushing you they're they're they're yes. Men. Yeah.
The parasites parasites. They're not, it's not a real relationship.
It's not a, it's not a relationship you're going to grow through. That's a,
that's the relationship is going to make you feel good. And in a lot of ways,
and yeah, that's fun and comfortable. It's like, but if you,
if that person can't, uh,
get to the core of you and really be like, when you tell me something,
I know it's truth because you have no other reason to just say.
Right? You don't owe me. You don't need anything from me. Yeah.
That's giant for people. You can't like,
this is one thing that I've seen many times with celebrities when they go off
the rails and they, you know, they don't hang out with other people like them.
So they don't have real friends.
They have these employees and people were into kids, real sketchy,
and everyone that they talk to and interact with needs something from them.
And they assume this position of authority where no one can
question them. Like no one can call. No one,
like you got to have peers. It's very important. And you don't have,
if you don't have the respect and the friendship of your peers, like, man,
you're a drift. You're not tethered. You're out there in orbit. Just floating.
Around here. Another dimension and.
Not good.
Very easy. Very much, much easier. Especially for.
Successful people. People start kissing your.
Yeah. Like, oh, this is nice. I don't need, I don't need to deal with this.
I'm going to have these people around me that make me feel good and say yes to
me and bring me all the things that I want. And given me no stress.
When I meet people like that, I go, you should do jujitsu. Yeah. Go get choked.
And that's such an important thing. Any, anything physical?
That.
Is a extremely, I think vital for everyone. I mean,
particularly kids coming up, putting kids into athletics and martial arts.
And if you don't like martial arts, look, you can't fake a marathon.
26.2 needs to be run. You need to go left foot, right. Foot left foot,
right foot till you hit the finish line period. End of discussion.
If you don't do that, you don't get there. You can't fake it,
but you can fake a lot of. Yeah. There's a lot of you could fake,
but moving your body, you know, you can't really fake that. You gotta do it,
you know, a 90 minute yoga classes, 90 minutes. It's hot as.
And you're in there sweating your balls off and it, you know,
you gotta get to the end. Yeah. You got to get to the end, you know,
and it's just, it's a small thing. That's a small thing. Yeah. You know,
life is a big thing, but these small things that you can do,
they'll help you understand what's necessary to get through the big things.
Yeah. And there's, there's, it's all macro and micro.
It's all connected in some strange way. Yeah.
Yeah.